docs: replace TBD with a meaningful message (#178)
Innoactive/Creator: .Documentation/articles/developer/TBD-05-mode-parameters.md

# Mode Parameters

Hi! You found a secret chapter!

> This is a topic that we want to write about, but we just had no time for it yet. You can take a look at our [API documentation](https://developers.innoactive.de/documentation/creator/v2.4.1/api/Innoactive.Creator.Core.Configuration.Modes.ModeParameter-1.html) instead and then ask your questions in our [community](http://innoactive.io/creator/community). One of us developers will directly respond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a topic that we want to write about, but we just had no time for it yet. You can take a look at our [API documentation](https://developers.innoactive.de/documentation/creator/latest/api/Innoactive.Creator.Core.Configuration.Modes.ModeParameter-1.html) instead and then ask your questions in our [community](http://innoactive.io/creator/community). One of us developers will directly respond.
```
